Make a dart game in which you have to shoot darts to a target. There are 
multiple levels that you can choose before starting the game and there you are 
only allowed to miss 3 times or the game is over. Each time you hit the target, 
the game gets faster. And you can only shoot 3 darts at the same time. The 
target moves along the x-axis from the right to the left of the screen and vise 
versa. The player can move their shooting point along the x-axis too.

1. step:
Make the frame of the game.

2. step:
Set size of the darts target in the settings class. 
Then create a class for the target and position it an let it move along the top
x-axis of the screen from right to left vise versa.

3. step:
Make a little rectangle with a red line as an aiming-help. This shooting point
is the place from where you shoot the darts and you can move it along the 
x-axis of the screen. 

4. step:
Make the darts which move along the y-axis all the way up to the top of the
screen. 

5. step:
Limit the darts, so you can only shoot 4 at the same time. Remove the darts 
after the hit the target or dissappeared of the screen.

6. step:
Stop the game after you missshooting 8 darts. 

7. step:
Make the playbutton that you can press to start/restart the game with reseted
game statistics, deleted darts and positioned shooting point and target.

8. step:
Set up the level buttons to choose the games level. These appear whenever the 
game is inactive. It appears togheter with the playbutton. First you select a 
level and then click on play to start the game.

9. step:
Each time the dart hits the target. The game gets a little bit faster. 

10. step:
Add a scoreboard to score points whenever you hit the target. And reset it after 
restarting a new game. 
Add a level to see what level you are after the game leveled up.
Add in the other corner a display to show how many darts you have missed out 
how many you are allowed to miss in one game. 

11. step:
Add a highscore that gets stored in a text-file after leaving the game. 
Everytime you open this file new, you see your saved highscore.

12. step:
Correct: If you press the play-button but didn't select a difficulty level. 
The game start with difficulty level "easy" and no Error appears. 